[Music]
your neighbors are turning into
psychotic monsters ready to kill anyone
they see
inside and outside they hunt during the
day in the night what do you do when
you're stuck in your apartment with no
food and where anyone can moisturize
into a killing machine
i'm going to break down the mistakes
made what you should do and how to beat
every single one of these monsters in
sweet home
this gamer hyun-soo is down on his luck
and trying to live cheaply but what he's
not thinking about
is security this building is seriously
broken down there's crack paint covering
every inch
the main sign has an arm-sized hole
through it and his head nearly gets
sliced off from a rusty old weed whacker
these might look like superficial flaws
but they reflect much deeper problems
because this place simply isn't safe it
won't keep things out and it can't
protect you well from within
and if this is our only security guard
who happens to be doubling as a
superintendent
this building is vulnerable in all the
wrong places in his apartment he gets
offered a drink by the security guard
who starts looking through the peephole
he not only has a nosebleed but this
guy's acting weird as
[ __ ] regardless i would have stole extra
bulldogs on my door because he has the
keys to every apartment in this place
and i don't trust him at all
a week has passed and hyun tsu here has
been playing video games non-stop he
goes to pick up his shipment of instant
noodles and sees that it's been ripped
open with a trail of packets leading to
his neighbor's apartment
a model living next door he sees a cat's
severed head roll into view before a
hand grabs it
backing away he steps on a pack of
noodles the crunch alerting the monster
okay in moments like this you will
choose either fight or flight as the
brains amygdala takes over and your
nervous system switches into full-on
sympathetic response mode for hyun-soo
here it's flight and i would do the same
you see something like this lock your
door and call the cops which he actually
does
but the signal is dead looks like we
have to figure out how to deal with this
on her own
now there's no clear indication if he's
dealing with some bloodthirsty psycho
or something supernatural in situations
like this it's hard to trust your own
senses but he heard the voice
saying hungry so i might offer it food
leave me alone unfortunately ramen
doesn't seem to be appreciated so unless
you find another cat we don't have a
viable way to distract it or earn its
trust
another twist gets thrown into the mix
as a doorbell rings it's his neighbor
the model and she's begging for help
and look i gotta be real with you here
for a second it was at that moment my
dumb ass was mad at him shu for not
letting this pretty girl in for safety
well a monster is right next door but be
smarter than me here guys
if a pretty woman knocks in your door
and wants your help something's
wrong it never happens trust me asking
to see her arms is smart because if they
look like this
maybe don't open the door she gets mad
and goes berserk and we get the
confirmation
she's the monster we saw earlier but
there's something else here we could
easily miss that makes her an even
bigger threat
this monster takes things personally she
can even manipulate and trick you
trying to act normal or trying to
pretend there's an emergency
once you've realized this i'm not
trusting a living soul in this building
we need to start thinking about how to
get help
the phone signals are blocked so at the
very least i would put a banner out by
window using bed sheets and write a
message
that there's an emergency but it's not
just about us because if this thing gets
to other people it might be more than
just cats and wants to eat
we need to warn everyone we can for the
safety of the entire building hyun tsu
walks out into the hall where he sees
this gangster coming down the stairs
and suddenly collapses it just seems
like it's from his institute only diet
but it's actually a sign of something
much worse upstairs the guitarist girl
sees the same woman at her door looking
a little worse for wear as it screams
for her to open up
okay this monster has moved upstairs and
we can see this thing won't stop it
wants food now and it's gone strong
enough to punch clean through a metal
door
we can't stay in the apartment forever
and it can break in with enough time
the first thing to do is collect
whatever you have the apartment that
could be used as a weapon or fashioned
into one
then we have to think about escape
they're lucky to have a camera on their
front door so they can see the monster
is nearby
i would throw something down the hallway
as a loud distraction and run downstairs
to call the police
in the lobby the other tenants discover
that the shutters have been lowered the
security guard is missing and their
phones have no
service also all exits and entrances
have been chain locked meaning someone
has trapped them here on purpose
and there are a lot of people down here
trying to leave no padlocks can actually
be snapped open using two wrenches and
some leverage we might find some in the
security room since the guard was also
the superintendent
but if not having more people gives us a
better chance to escape
get help or neutralize this monster i
would find out everyone's job and skill
sets to see whether we should go after
the thing ourselves
if everyone is a user's office worker at
least we could barricade the security
guards room and hide in there with
access to the cameras to watch the
monster's movements
this med student breaks the chains the
management office where inside one of
the tenants who is a firefighter tries
calling for help but all the lines are
busy with disaster reports and the call
cuts out
okay these guys don't know there's a
monster in the building yet so i might
first think this is a natural disaster
like a typhoon or tsunami but because of
where south korea is in the northwest
pacific basin tsunamis and cyclones are
very rare compared to surrounding
countries
if all the helplines are down we
shouldn't be trying to leave until we
learn more
and if there's a city-wide threat this
building is the most valuable thing we
have
also this woman is a firefighter so she
has a better understanding than most
about emergency evacuation in emergency
protocol i would make sure she was a
part of all planning and decision making
from here on out
the shopkeeper starts pressing buttons
and the front door shutter begins
opening but the tenants in the lobby see
a very tall creature standing just
outside and this dog is not happy about
it
i can't blame them too much for trying
to get out but once we see this very not
human thing standing there
it confirms our suspicions that there's
a city-wide emergency and we need to
turn this building into a safe zone
the student sprays the monster way with
a fire extinguisher until he gets it
past the shutters
they close way too slowly and he runs
out of gas this kit was smart to use the
fire extinguisher because it's
projectile there isn't much of this
building that doesn't require close
combat of some kind and that would be a
losing strategy with this kind of
monster
one thing has become immediately clear
with this many monsters help
will not be coming and we're on our own
we've closed the shutters but it might
not be enough here his tongue can extend
really far
and if he was really hungry he could
approach closer to reach inside easily
we need to plan for the worst so i'd be
trying to narrow the holes in the front
gates by unwinding metal closed hooks
and wrapping them diagonally across the
holes in the gate it's all metal and if
it's wrapped tightly enough it could
provide a little more security
meanwhile upstairs the guitar girl has
been taking care of hyun soo since he
passed out
and he's not in good shape she leaves to
check out the noise and never notices
social media is blowing up with the top
three training topics
being monster state of alert and
nosebleed she goes down the stairwell
where the drunk is buttering to himself
and when she passes by
she sees his nose bleeding like crazy
there's something really wrong with this
guy
alright this girl has already seen a
monster and it nearly bashed her door in
so if i'm seeing someone acting like
this
i'm not wasting a second the first
instinct is to swing for the head
but this is not the right thing to do
she's three to four steps lower than him
which is a very difficult angle to
strike
and contact with the head could be
easily blocked if it even reaches at all
in this situation we should swing with
the knees he won't build a block
we'll get a fast and direct swing and it
will knock him down giving us another
chance to strike
another tenant enters the stairwell sees
the drunk guy turn into a monster and
chops the guy's head to clean in half
with a samurai sword
okay this is an important takeaway these
things have physical bodies and they can
be killed like any living thing now it's
easy to be sympathetic but if we want to
survive we need a killer instinct like
this guy here who takes one of them out
like he's playing yakuza 6.
but brood strength won't always do the
job so we need weapons
kitchen knights are a good place to
start but close combat is not going to
give you the best advantage
and nearly everyone in this building has
no weapons training so we'll need
something easier to wield without
experience
the roof would be good to scout for
scrap metal pipes poles or wooden plates
that could be used baseball is a popular
sport in korea so there could be bats in
other apartments but
clearly it would be better to kill them
when they're still more human than
monster
because they get back up more dangerous
than before downstairs the tenants are
barricading the entrance when everyone's
phones receive a notification about an
epidemic
anyone exhibiting nosebleeds blackouts
and aggressive behavior should be
quarantined
they're all nervous this group didn't
understand until now that this was a
sickness
and they can catch it and they argue
about where they should go
the basement parking lot is shuttered
and the apartments aren't secure
i would want to stay downstairs where we
have more operational control and send
team to scout certain floors for food
resources and weapons using the ground
floor as a base
the next day hyun-soo the gamer wakes up
and sees the city is in ruins when all
of a sudden he starts to bleed me from
the nose like that woman and he'll turn
into a monster just like she did
looking for answers he researches the
illness on a blog called kurukuru and
the med student has found the website
too
they learned that the writer himself was
infected and he described it as a curse
with an unknown cause and no cure but if
they want to live there's something they
should know
both tenants are about to discover what
that is but the internet cuts out
god i hate it when that happens with
everything that's going on that's
putting your life at risk
it's easy to overlook some important
resources power
in the internet an unmanaged power
station will provide 46 hours
electricity before blackouts occur
south korea has nuclear power plants
which would last longer as it is more
automated but it's only supply to
certain areas and will eventually give
out as well
and for him this means no video
surveillance of the front door the
internet will be gone even faster as the
system would be overloaded with the
activity of panicking citizens
we need to use these tools to gain as
much information as possible before
they're gone if this is happening
everywhere in the city there might be
information about what to do how to beat
them what their vulnerabilities are and
if the government is going to help
it's been eight hours since hyun soo
here collapsed and he's feeling hungry
after all that research
he opens the door to grab the box of
instant noodles but the drunk from the
stairwell has come back to life as a
monster
okay obviously we shouldn't be opening
our doors on a whip but once it's inside
we either need to fight it or lock him
in the apartment it might seem smarter
to lock him in because it guarantees
your safety at the moment
and keeps him from roaming the halls but
it's not the right decision because this
may be the best chance
we get at killing this thing we can't
just use a pole and bash at them this
monster has a special ability he can't
see
but he can't hear like you wouldn't
believe i would take the sharpest object
within reach and stab him in the air so
he can't see her here now making him
easier to kill in a fight
that way we can keep the apartment and
the building might have one less monster
kirin tsu goes to option 3 and stays
quiet and the monster leaves
lucky very lucky later he looks the
window and sees a father about to rappel
down the side of the building the man
gets attacked by an eyeball monster and
falls to his death
as his kids cry out for help the gamer
throws his computer monitor at the
eyeball and it comes up to attack him
these monsters are not limited to the
human form and obviously we got to go
for its weakness which is the eye but
it's not going to be enough
it can stretch its neck and it's strong
but this means we might be able to trap
it
i would try to make it follow me through
the hallway to stretch its neck further
into the building and down the stairs
if i can get it stuck it will be easier
to trap and injure this guy shoots at it
with an air cannon that he fashioned out
of a crutch
which is awesome but it's clearly
exposed that we can't always guarantee
to kill these things
even if we sever their heads so finding
them won't always be a solution
unless you have a lot more power to
disintegrate them completely and from
this point forward fire might be the
best way to go
the veteran has another piece of
valuable information phone calls make
noise then cut out when a monster is
nearby
by staying on call disturbances can help
give you an early warning
we can use this to clear the building
you could go floor by floor and
determine which ones have monsters and
either seal them off or kill them
stay on call keep your batteries charged
and don't go anywhere without it
hyun soo here meets him in person and
the veteran upgrades his weapon
it turns out the man is an amazing
mechanic and tells him to go save the
kits
this guy should be fashioning weapons
for every man woman and child
we need to think like we're soldiers at
war against these monsters and he's our
blacksmith
and since he can solder metal i would
take apart a row of doors and solder
them together to permanently seal off a
stairwell to trap any monsters or higher
floors
hyun tsu the gamer sneaks to the
building and nearly avoids the blind
monster
he reaches the kids to rescue them but
suddenly he starts showing symptoms
and he tells the kids to run away but
it's too late he's a monster now
or is he hinsu seems to snap out of his
hallucination
just in time to get knocked down by a
giant creature but in a super
anime moment hiransu holds the monster
back and yells the kids to run before he
gets beaten into a wall
something is definitely going on with
you and sue somehow they've managed to
survive long enough for a tenant with a
sword to come and slice this protein
beast he and the guitars drag kyunsu to
safety
they see his eyes go from black to
normal so he has a monster that's bad
but for now he can't control it and even
if it's risky it kind of gives us a
chance at finding these things
because he might have extra strength
like they do or a special ability we can
take advantage of
the children continue to make their way
upstairs but the blind monster suddenly
appears and blocks their way
they try to stay quiet but the beefcake
is back and reaches out for them
their screams of terror alert the blind
monster who attacks the other one and
the two kids run out of the way
about tie something goes our way in this
building of terror this is a clear
indication we can exploit each monster's
tendencies in our favor
the blind monster will attack noise and
the beefcake will fight back
meaning noise can be used as a lure to
get the blind monster killed
the swordsman comes up with a plan and
leads it through the complex he reaches
the end of a corridor and jumps out of
the way baiting the beefcake to jump out
the window
okay these things die hard but they can
definitely be injured
every monster will have its own unique
weaknesses and we need to start looking
for them to survive in this place so the
main strategy is to make them immobile
no arms or legs will make for a
reasonably harmless monster and for
beefcakes here who's got too much muscle
to fight conventionally
slashing his achilles tendon will make
him unable to walk it's simple
biomechanics of anthropomorphic anatomy
we find out that the building lost power
and that the firefighter girl
volunteered to go down to the electrical
room to try to turn it back on
but she got set up by the med student
who knew there was a monster down there
this guy is cold and tactical and he's
not wrong but this firefighter is
extremely valuable to the group
i would have been upfront with her
because she's built the fed for herself
she's even saved everyone's lives in the
building and now he's totally throwing
her under the bus
the med student makes an announcement
for all survivors to come downstairs
where it's safe
but then the radio goes offline
gathering people is good but we have to
have smart allocation of resources and
skills
there is actually more upside to having
two bases one upstairs and one
downstairs
the lobby base camp can ration food and
relay it to the apartment base while the
strongest and bravest stay to clear the
monsters save more people from their
apartments and scavenge for food and
supplies
back in the lobby this woman is trying
to break out of the building to find her
daughter but then they see a girl
running towards them she stumbles and
limps her way to her mother as the med
student tries to figure out what to do
okay this sounds heartless but we don't
know if this girl is infected or not and
it's adding another risk of the building
we have to ask ourselves what is more
likely that she survived all night
outside with all these monsters around
or that she's infected
it wouldn't be a popular decision to
lock her out so i would let her in but
immediately
lock her up in an apartment to monitor
for nosebleeds and any signs of turning
so we can kill her quickly if necessary
the soldier runs out to save her but
they both get run through and killed by
the long tongue monster
god this thing is brutal the student
starts putting the barricade back up and
barely avoids the monster's tongue
piercing through as the shutter begins
to close
after defeating the beefcake the group
spent the night at the veteran's
apartment by the next day the guitarist
and the swordsman are prepared to leave
for the first floor with the infected
hyun soo deciding to join them
the soldier gives the swordsman a shield
to take with him and he's made it out of
a door
this is incredible work but right now
i'm starting to think about if there's a
better way to fight these monsters than
with swords and shields
this guy should be making traps for us
because even if the monsters are strong
and have special abilities they aren't
exactly smart
things like bear traps tiger traps and
snares would all be easy for this guy to
make and could go a long way in keeping
us safe
in dealing with the monsters more
intelligently down in the basement a
spider-like monster goes to attack the
cocoon and finds it empty
the firefighter has escaped through the
ventilation shaft this was really her
only option because the room with the
cocoon was locked
don't try to fight this thing without
help because it has more range and can
move better than you
plus every leg has a huge stinger that
can pierce through metal but if it's
taken the form of a spider it might have
the vision of a spider which is
surprisingly terrible
they rely on touch and vibration more
than sight despite having eight eyes
i might try using this to my advantage i
would take something from this room with
me first like the wire and instead of
running through the ventilation
making vibrations i'd look for a
t-junction in the vents use the wire to
cause vibrations away from me and stay
still and quiet on the opposite side
she breaks a vent van to lower herself
into another room but the spider catches
her
thinking quickly she breaks a window and
grabs a broken shard sawing through the
webbing to escape
the tenants find out that martial law
has been declared and the military is in
control they're told the infection
doesn't spread through the air or blood
but it's related to human desire and
anyone exhibiting symptoms of nosebleeds
fainting or hallucinations
should be locked up these creatures are
durable and heal very fast but they do
have two weaknesses
they can be damaged and killed during a
period of time called the golden hour
and secondly they can be burned to death
but dealing with this means we're
killing them while they're still in
human form and that can get emotionally
very
ugly i would designate a person in each
base camp to be officially in charge of
these executions
so that there isn't a situation where
people who aren't mentally prepared for
something extreme like this
allow another person to turn into a
monster and it needs to be brought to
the group for a vote because if everyone
isn't on board everyone's lives
are at risk meanwhile the gamer and his
crew find a dead body and it's warm
this is really bad news for them because
it means he's been killed very recently
and that a monster could be near
they don't see one but on their way down
suddenly knocks the guy down the
stairwell and he takes a deadly fall
splatting onto the floor
he wakes up in another room where the
med student tells him he's been asleep
for eight hours and it's obvious that
this kid has been infected
ok this guy can somehow survive deadly
faults and heal quickly if he's on our
side there's no way i'm not going to try
to use this as an advantage against the
monsters
we've established with beefcakes here
that some of these monsters are too
dangerous to fight but he clearly
doesn't have the same risks as us
i would use him to learn monsters into
traps because the worst case scenario is
he ends up back in the med bay for eight
hours
the shopkeeper throws the fate and
screams that they need to kill him but
then his nose starts bleeding
yeah what was it you're saying old man
downstairs the gamer is told by the med
student they need him to do dangerous
jobs for the tenants his first task is
to bring the soldier down here to help
reinforce the barricade but he's totally
the kids if something goes wrong
i hate to say it but he's right kids are
our future but right now we won't even
have
one unless we defeat these monsters so
anyone who can contribute to that cause
comes second these kids of unpopular
practical decisions are for the greater
good
the firefighter isn't happy that he's
using the gamer but tells her they need
the soldier and the gamer can heal fast
as long as he's strong enough to resist
the infection he can be their ultimate
weapon
i have no problem with this whatsoever
we need to use people as resources
because everyone has unique skills
he's a risk to have around groups of
people so he's best put to use to
scavenge run errands and do things the
others can't do the med student tells
the woman about the crew crew blog and
what he read on it she remembers her
fiance had a blog called crew crew
before he died and he didn't want her to
know about it
she knows it must be the same one but
why would her husband know anything
about this infection
hyun soon the gangster are walking out
the stairwell where the man is still
grabbed by a giant hand
jiren tsu here chases after him and gets
knocked down by a super fast monster
with giant legs
it sprints towards the kid but someone
shoots it with a crossbow bolt and it
runs away
this old man and his nurse appear and
rescue the two survivors they're lucky
to get some help
because this monster might be the
toughest one yet if it's so fast you
can't even react to it how do you kill
it
that night the veteran reinforces the
barricades and they're gonna need it
badly because the tongue monster gets
grabbed by a massive hand as
something let's head a roar the next day
the guitar starts bleeding from her nose
and the tenants are horrified to find
out she's infected they sound the alarm
and the swordsman leads her into a net
trap they set up
the firefighter realizes this infection
can be caught by anyone and remembers
her husband's kurukuru blog
she must know what happened and decides
to head out on this motorcycle to his
old workplace
it's risky but she could find answers
that tell us what we need to know about
the infection
i wouldn't want her to leave though
because she's too valuable to the
planning
safety and defense in the group it might
be better to send the gangster who was
strong enough to defend himself in the
wild and he would help if there was
something handed for him
things are getting more dangerous for
the group others are getting infected
and monsters are still in the building
now structure is important in survival
settings we have to be on guard 24 7 and
it requires organization cooperation
and discipline they create four main
rules for everyone to follow
rule one move together in groups of two
or more and report anything unusual
immediately
this is so vital and it's also very
common sense being alone
is almost never a good option in
survival scenarios you're always safer
with company to either defend or get
help
rule two eat once a day and only the
amount prescribed resources need to be
rationed and not everyone is going to go
along with this
it's going to be resistant and it needs
to be enforced but as fairly and as
democratically as possible things should
be voted on and that's a great way to
have everyone buy into cooperating with
the group
rule 3 everyone will have their
temperature checked every night at 8pm
if someone gets sick they'll want to
keep it a secret so we can't trust
anyone a hard rule to check for
infection won't let anyone slip through
the cracks
and you can catch a potential threat
more quickly keeping everyone more safe
rule 4 quarantine the infected obviously
they shouldn't be near the healthy
because they could turn
this kid is an exception but even still
how do we know he's not going to get
dangerous and violent
at some point we don't not until the
symptoms have been studied in other
cases
i would still lock him down until enough
time had passed that i was sure he's not
a threat to us anymore
he ensued the gamer goes upstairs to
scavenge more supplies but he knows the
sprinter monster is still around
and has an idea he sets up multiple
springs and fishing line to act as an
alarm while he searches the apartments
he hears his alarm go off and falls to
the ground as the sprinter monster comes
running into the room
now the scene ends and we never seen the
fight which is really strange
but okay we can't fight this thing
normally because he's so fast you won't
be able to react to him to fight or
protect yourself but he still relies on
the laws of friction to launch himself
forward
and simply by reducing friction we can
slow this guy down instead of alarm
balloons i'm greasing up the floors of
oils dish soap ky jelly anything i could
find to make it impossible to run and
because he's going so fast if he slips
he's going to crash hard
i would also line the hallways with
steel wire these things together make
the building impossible to run through
downstairs the tenants are emptying
bottles and creating molotov cocktails
when they hear one of the women blow her
whistle as something
lumbers towards her they all rush out
and the shockkeeper's wife realizes this
thing is her husband and she insists on
killing it herself
okay there's no tv anymore and this is
the best entertainment they can get
but it's not safe they should use the
buddy system so that someone is there
with a weapon for backup if she can't
handle herself
i honestly don't even know why they
would wait long enough for this guy to
wander out on his own
they should have killed him long before
this or contained them until he was
showing symptoms of transformation
and ended from within the confinement
area the firefighter reaches her
fiance's office
and finds his research notes from the
crew crew block he had become infected
and was trying to resist for 15 days as
his condition would have stabilized and
he would become a special infection
that's when the military shows up and
takes the woman hostage she cuts a deal
with the commander offering of the
infected human sioux
someone who can resist monsterization in
exchange for her life
back of the apartment the whole complex
is powerless the water is going to be
cut off soon
the food is running out power being out
is bearable but running out of drinking
water is a problem they need to solve
immediately
it's always important to be thinking
further ahead than anyone else when it
comes to resource management in a
survival situation a city's water and
sewage is relatively automated using
gravity to its advantage so it would
likely be available longer than
electricity but getting access to new
sources of food and water will force you
outside there are hundreds of abandoned
supermarkets across the city to scavenge
and it's the best place to start but
before it ever gets this bad
we have soil here so we should start
planting vegetables as soon as we
realize this is an apocalyptic scenario
gardening obviously takes time but it's
at least the path forward to free
sustainable food
later hyun-soo here is told that the
tenants have to leave soon as their loan
resources with no guarantees of their
safety he's sent down to scout the
parking lot where somebody knocks them
over and hangs him upside down
they see this on the camera and go down
to help as they walk through they see
the sprinter monster standing there
unresponsive the med student as soon as
it's asleep and they carefully walk the
other way
these monsters actually sleep which is
literally a survival mechanism for the
brain and body to maintain functioning
and run smoothly if it wasn't necessary
for survival a species would have
evolved out of it
and that hasn't happened ever i take
account of the time
because it could mean they have
biological clocks that make them more
likely to sleep at this time of the day
or night
and choose to scavenge the building or
even go outside only during those hours
but right now this is their best and
only chance to stealth kill a sprinter
monster and i would have taken the
opportunity
the squad finds the gamer in a cocoon
and frees him but the guitarist drops
her bat waking up the sprinter the med
student cleverly uses the car alarms to
distract the sprinter
its greatest strength is its speed and
so if you know where it will be going
like a triggered car you could ambush it
however this also wakes up any other
monsters in the vicinity and puts your
whole group in jeopardy so retreat is a
good option until we can take them out
one at a time or have enough backup to
fight them something the old man does
with his kick-ass flamethrower
upstairs the veteran is running for his
life but it's not going to be an option
for him and it's too dangerous to fight
which leaves trapping at the best
solution but you'll only have one shot
and you can't let it escape
the legs are the most dangerous part of
this monster so we need to take them out
of the equation in order to beat it his
trap was a great idea because if the
spider is suspended it can't use its
legs
and we can either try to kill it or run
away the problem with their strategy was
thinking they could do this with this
tiny little rope and a couple of screws
the monster must weigh less in this
fridge or about 120 kilograms because
tipping it pulls the spider off the
ground and judging by the fraying here
i would guess it's a natural fiber rope
less than two centimeters in diameter
which has a lower tensile strength than
synthetic fibers
even if it can hold up the monster it's
not going to last long and they should
have strengthened the rope by braiding
it or use stronger screws so it can't
break the metal frame off the wall
the other tenants try to rescue him
before kyon tsu appears and kills it
the next day the nurse the gangster and
hyun sookier get ready to scavenge for
more supplies but as they're pulling out
of the parking lot
the car certainly gets flipped over the
gamer hyun-soo wakes up and sees the
beefcake monster has grown gigantic ever
since it left out of the building and
there's nothing he can do with his spear
okay this is in no way a fair fight
we'll never take it down in combat so my
thinking is if we can't fight it from
the outside
maybe we can kill him from the inside it
takes three milligrams of fentanyl which
is only this much
to kill a man if we're already going out
for food and water at this point we
should be checking the local hospitals
for drugs as well and fentanyl is the
way to go
i would inject the beefcake with as much
as i could get my hands on by sticking
several needles onto the monster you
might just have a shot
the old man throws molotov cocktails at
the monster and sets it on fire but it's
useless
he runs over to help the gamer to ensue
but as he's carrying him his nose begins
to bleed and the monster is back for
revenge
a firetruck crashes into the beefcake
and pushes it off the ledge before
pushing flaming debris onto the creature
and setting it
on fire things have returned back to
normal but the shopkeeper's wife reveals
that she's starting to have symptoms and
needs to leave for their safety but the
other tenants don't want her to go and
vote for her to stay on the bottom floor
one of the tenants sees the elevator
come down and hears the alarm bells
start ringing throughout the building
the doors open
and the monsterized security guard steps
out the security guard goes ballistic
and starts fighting with the swordsman
but his sword arm gets chopped
off he won't quit and taking his broken
sword stabs the security guard in the
chest and drags the creature into the
elevator where he orders the others to
throw a molotov and burns to death
inside
okay this is brutal we've lost our best
fighter to the lamest monster ever and i
would be seriously pissed his weapon has
blades but it also has a pole to grab
that makes it easier to fight him off i
would have had everyone attack him at
the same time because he could be
flanked from behind and the weed whacker
could be held down
as they all helped kill him it
highlights an important point though
always could the place sound they should
have sent bands of fighters to sweep the
place floor by floor but they didn't and
now
this is the consequence the old man asks
the firefighter for help finding a
secret tunnel that's in the building but
then his attention is drawn to an apc
driving over a bridge the armored car
breaks for the apartment's barricade and
these bandits with stolen gear come out
if i see this car drive through the wall
i know it's only interested in killing
others because it's ruined the structure
of the building making it vulnerable to
monsters from outside so they don't want
the building they want
us i'm rushing quickly to the truck and
hiding beneath it the smoke hasn't
cleared and it's the last place they
would look for someone
all the tenants are rounded together in
the lobby where this guy draws the
outline for their new jail and later
demonstrates that anyone outside of it
will be shot
i'll bet they're regretting killing the
beefcake because if he was still around
he'd take care of these guys for us
the bandits suddenly get ambushed by the
firefighter leading them on a chase to
the building as the rest join in the
fight
that's when the shopkeeper's wife
arrives fully transformed
she kills one of the bandits and is
about to stab the student but the gamer
saves his life
the kid strangles her to death and
collapses from a stab wound
the bandit leader realizes that the boy
is infected and has his men burned the
shopkeeper's wife as he takes them into
the elevator
the firefighter frees the other tenants
but another bandit stops them in their
tracks he shoots the veteran but she
eventually kills him however
the old man realizes the veteran's nose
is bleeding
upstairs it's not looking good for hyun
tsu they get ready to execute him but
today
it's his lucky day one of the bandits
kills the others and admits he's a
monster just like hyunsu is
except he believes that it's natural for
them to kill humans when the gamer walks
out of the elevator he finds himself in
a standoff with the other survivors but
he's able to convince them to spare the
infectee's life
the truth is they wouldn't be able to
kill him anyways you see what happens
when you shoot him with bullets
all i do is bounce right back hyunsoo
just says all the tenants lies in this
interaction
this guy is the most dangerous man in
the building and he can't be killed so
right now our best solution is to escape
everyone must be working in shifts to
help the old man find the tunnel because
as long as we're trapped in the building
with this guy he holds all the cards
nurse begins having an asthma attack and
the gangster tries to take her to a
pharmacy but he's knocked out with a
monster
hyun soo here lets them continue to make
their way out but the infectee shoots
both of them
man this guy is seriously bad news
defending his friends he fights the
monster who tells him that this
isn't his true form and his special
ability is to take control of dead
bodies he severely wounds the gamer but
he ensue begins to transform
growing a massive wing the guitarist
gets ready to throw a molotov but a
miles of cocktail isn't gonna do a damn
thing and we all know it
we might be able to shoot the gas tank
of the car causing a big explosion but
if it doesn't do the job we've made two
enemies instead of one so this isn't a
good idea and we should give hyun su
here the benefit of the doubt while
staying as far away from him as possible
he kills a monster but then heads for
the tenants but the now healed veteran
stops him just before he dies as the kid
turns back to normal and blacks out
the firefighter digs graves for the dead
when she discovers a hatch to a secret
tunnel it must be the one the old man
was looking for
that night soldiers arrive they have the
building surrounded and announced they
want the special infection
the soldiers hear an explosion and begin
shooting scaring the tenants into the
tunnel which
ensue here decides to step outside to
confront the soldiers the next day the
group finds an exit and climbs out
only to be surrounded by the korean
military the commander tells the
firefighter that the deal isn't over yet
because she didn't deliver consu to them
in exchange for information on her
fiance
she's forced to join them and the
survivors are taken away on a military
truck
surprisingly hinsu is still alive waking
up in an armored car
driven by the gangster who no longer has
any scars it must be the body twitchy
monster
he never killed him and now he's trapped
as a drive-through tunnel and
into the open world but what do you
think how would you be the monsters in
sweet home
let me know with a comment down below
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe
and check out the how to be playlist for
more videos like this
until next time have a damn good day